warning when it comes to farming the
pets mentioned in this video prepare
yourself because drop rates of these
pets are close to one and a thousand
farming me caused irritability extreme
frustration depression anxiety and may
cause an end that objects and arm's
reach to become broken attempt farming
at your own risk alright gamers over
here for internet kids gaming with a
little guide to help you beef up your
pet collection for the incoming
expansion of Wow Mists of Pandaria in
this guide i'll go through simple steps
on how to get the captured firefly dark
web bling tiny emerald well pling
gundrick hatchling and fox kit first
start the captured firefly you get this
in zangarmarsh by killing bog flare
Needlers i started on the right side of
the reservoir worked my way over to
serpent-like flew back rinse and repeat
took me about a hundred and forty-one
kills now while you're farming can also
collect up the unidentified plant parts
that you can turn in for cenarion
expedition rep when you turn that into
Lorana there well next up is the dark
web link you can be actually found in
multiple locations when I found the
easiest is in wetlands you go southeast
of green wardens Grove there's a cliff
with four whelps up there I got mine in
about nine hundred and eighty two kills
but with them responding over 30 seconds
it goes by pretty quick now if you have
a skinner may as well bring it along so
you can skin up a lot of medium and
light leather to throw up on the auction
house so if you don't get the drop right
away at least you're not wasting your
time completely now we have the tiny
emerald well bling and get him over in
for Ellis by killing noxious whoops I
went to the top of the map and circled
the little island following the
shoreline bastard took me about 1200
kills before I finally got them but once
again if you have a skinner maze will
bring him along skin them get some heavy
leather to throw up on the auction house
so we at least make some bank if you
don't get it
next we have the gundrak hatchling
unlike the other hatchlings we gotta run
around searching for a nest you can
actually still get this off of mobs they
don't drop it so over ins old rag you
can kill the gundrak Raptors which I
ended up circling just in front of the
gun rack entrance and about eight
hundred and 62 kills later managed to
get them and like the other guys bring a
skinner because you can get some boring
weather out of it and in last we have
the fox kit you farm this up and told
brad off a bear den foxes this is by far
the most annoying pet that i had to farm
on a reason being well it's in a
well-known PvP area and the moms are
spread out pretty far so you're
constantly mounting up and running to
the next location but it all kind of
pays off because it is the most
profitable because if you bring a
skinner you get the top notch leather
that does it for now thanks for watching
and be sure to click to subscribe to our
Channel and maybe even check out some of
our live streams